Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
A bust gone horribly wrong.
An undercover officer accidentally shot
more than a half dozen times.
Put your hands where I can see them.
Good. Good.
Shortly after. you can hear an officer
as he realizes
he shot the colleague who was undercover.
the body cam capturing the whole thing.
Breaking news this morning.
Three men are in custody after police
say they shot at an undercover officer
with AK-47.
In order to be a true undercover officer.
one must divorce himself
from who he truly is.
What role will be played next?
No gun. no badge.
Only the skin and will to live.
While law enforcement agencies
prefer to use undercover officers
that have grown up in these communities.
this can prove to be good or bad.
Charging a car for a parking problem.
26.
.
That's what it takes. Q.
You won the lottery when you met me.
I've been out here doing big things
and go straight to the top.
You still ain't told me
what we doing here. Hector.
You said it was important.
so I dropped everything.
You could've saved this "I have a dream"
speech for the phone. dawg.
This is it.
The break we've been waiting for.
Nothing. I mean nothing will be the same
after this.
We're about to meet
with Sir Ruthless himself.
We can't let that pass up.
You're serious. ain't you? I can't believe
I'm letting you convince me.
I told you this was big.
Have you lost your damn mind?
We got a meeting set up with Peter Vega.
It took seven months to get that.
--
-Q. Q. Q. quit thinking so small.
Sir Ruthless is leaving the States.
The feds are on him.
He's out low on his shit.
What else you want to do?
Why don't we go for it?
I hope you're right about this. dawg.
I am. and come on. and don't say nothing.
.
Hey. Rufus.
I like what you've done with the place.
It's real tidy up here.
Looks like how you like it.
-Yo. yo. Who's this?
-He's my brother.
-Are you alone. Rufus?
-We good. come on.
-We're all friends here. Rufus.
- Friends?
Man. check this out.
I ain't got no friends.
-In fact. man I--
-FBI. freeze.
Freeze. police.
Hector. put the gun down. man.
-Q. what are you doing. man?
-Hector. put the gun down. man.
--
-Put the gun down --
-Don't fuck with me. Q.
-Put it down.  backup.
Freeze--
Hey. I'm--
Captain. you want to see this.
-What have we got here?
-GSW to the chest times three.
All right. on my count.
we're going to roll him.
One. two. three. roll.
-Come on. Come on.
-We've got to get him out now.
- STAT. X-ray STAT.
BP 80 over 40. Come on. Come on.
Disappointed.
Very. very disappointed.
I have the police on my payroll.
It was just a matter of time before
I found out you were the informer.
I never said anything about you. Vega.
I swear.
They found out about you.
It was just a matter of time
before they found out about me.
After everything I've done for you.
for your daughter. .
The cops said they would take
my daughter to foster care
and take my mama's house.
I didn't know what else to do.
Been with you for five years. Vega.
There must be some kind of mistake.
You know me.
I can't vouch for these two. but
I never said anything to the police.
Samantha.
what do you have to say for yourself?
I don't know what you want me to say.
What do you have to say for yourself?
You knew it was only a matter of time
before the cops closed in on you.
I'm not no rat.
For the last time.
I didn't talk to the police.
Why do y'all talk about the police
like they're good guys?
There are no good guys.
Ask anyone.
Breonna Taylor. George Floyd.
Everyone's hands are stained with blood.
It was like that before me. and
it's going to be that way when I'm gone.
Vega. I don't know where
you're getting your information from.
I never said anything to the police.
Please. just make a call.
Brad.
you know I have the police
under my payroll. right?
The same guy who flipped you.
that's the same guy who told me it was you.
He's the head the head
of narcotic division. Mr. Jackson.
We live in a dangerous world.
These are dangerous times.
You played the game. got caught cheating.
Now. you pay the consequences.
First of all. I'd like to thank Brad.
Samantha. Rachel.
for helping law enforcement out.
Unfortunately.
we no longer need your services.
-You said you would help me.
-Oh. I'm going to help you.
I'm going to check in on your
daughter every now and again.
but she doesn't need a junkie
as a mother.
-You're good for nothing. dick.
-Watch yourself.
shot.
You watch your mouth. junkie.
It's with a heavy heart.
but I have to say goodbye.
Vega. you want to change
anything that we planned?
Oh. yes. we are.
We're changing everything.
We're not taking nothing for granted.
Look. I smacked dude so hard.
I thought he was going to shoot me.
Kevin already know I don't play.
-All he do is put his gun down and walk out.
-You're going to get yourself killed.
Everybody know I don't play.
I will never let nobody disrespect me.
Y'all know that.
What you shaking your head for?
I don't get you sometimes. Candy.
You ain't got to be damn hard
all the time.
Lighten up.
Take it easy. For real.
Yo. she's right though.
I understand what she's saying.
I'm just hardcore.
I didn't choose this thug life.
This thug life chose me.
Yes. you're right. Red.
You the original OG.
Yo Candy. don't forget to invite Tom.
You know Tom ain't coming
all the way over here for no party.
Hold on. I thought this was my party?
I can invite whoever I want to.
-Red. you can invite Tom. That's okay.
-Yo. thank you.
Can I throw a little hardcore
at the lifestyle?
Red. you mean a freestyle?
Girl. you crazy.
Girl. you silly. man.
What. you Lil Wayne now?
Yo. don't hate on my swag.
Come on. y'all.
Come on.
Can we get back to my party?
We only got 15 names on this list.
I know we got to be missing somebody.
We have got to think.
Anthony.
I'm going to invite Anthony.
Anthony?
You know I don't like that cat.
Two-faced snake.
Candy. you know how I couldn't have birthday
parties at that foster home I was in.
I just want to have a good time
and enjoy my party.
It's going to be an epic night.
Promise me. Candy. that
you will not act up at my party?
Yo. this is going to be
the best party ever.
-Yes. girl. yes.
-I can't wait.
-All the single ladies out.
-Candy. look.
I don't need you scaring
everybody off at the party.
-I need you to understand that. You know.
-What?
Everybody ain't gay?
I know that.
I'm just trying to find my soulmate.
What's wrong with that?
I just want some love too.
That's all.
Can I kick and have some fun?
I wish I had a soulmate.
It's like my soul is in these streets.
That's why I'm so hood.
I'm jealous of you two.
Look. Red.
I can understand you being jealous of me.
You know what I'm saying?
Heaven. she ain't had a dude
since like the eighth grade.
Whoa. wait.
Now y'all got jokes.
Don't be coming for me.
I can get a man.
I just don't want a man.
With everything I got going on.
just imagine.
Papa Vega. can you just think
of what he would do?
That's just too much drama.
I ain't got that type of time.
That's for real right there.
He'd be dead. Yo.
Us black sisters got to stay strong.
You got that right.
First off. I'm going to say this.
You need a man. all right?
What?
You're going to stay single your whole life
just because you're afraid that
your dad going to kill your dude?
Look. this party is your chance.
You're going to find you a man.
I'm going to get me my soulmate.
Girl. I don't know
what you're going to do.
I'm going to bust my lifestyle.
-Bust the lifestyle.
-What you doing?
Bust the lifestyle.
Bus the lifestyle.
That's not what I'm asking.
Officer Rogers.
I realize this could be uncomfortable.
I'm not uncomfortable.
I'm good. I'm real comfortable.
I took my physical.
I'm just ready to get back to work.
Are you in a relationship at the moment?
-No. not at all.
-I've looked over your file.
No friends. no close family.
I see you were married for two years.
-Don't remind me.
-Are you two on good terms?
No. She had a master's degree.
What did she get a master's degree in?
She only got a master's degree
in getting on my damn nerves.
I had a dream I was in hell.
like I was really in hell.
There was fire around. and when I woke up.
-Shelly was staring directly at me.
-I'm not understanding.
What's not to understand?
I just told you.
I had a nightmare I was in hell.
When I woke up.
Shelly was staring directly at me.
Officer Rogers. I need you to be serious.
I take the devil real serious.
You should go to church sometimes.
What was your childhood like?
I'm originally from Akron;
me and my boy. LB. that is.
We both wanted to be superheroes.
We both wanted to change the world.
No drugs in my city.
Bang.
When I'm a cop. the streets are
going to be so clean. you can eat off them.
"Back. I said. back the heck up."
Man. I wish your dad wouldn't have
took you to see Bad Boys.
-You ain't no Will Smith.
-You ain't no Magic Johnson.
I'm going to be better than Magic Johnson.
I'm going to Saint Vincent.
Saint Mary High School.
Maybe I should skip college
and go straight to the NBA.
I could be the number one pick
for the Cleveland Cavaliers.
-You never know.
-The Cav?
You should go to the Lakers.
Back in 1995. things were simple.
We used to listen to that one song.
Don't take it Per--
You know. the Monica song?
Me and him would argue which one
of us was going to fall in love with her.
Those were the days.
Are you still in contact
with your childhood friend?
Oh. yes.
Closest thing in the family.
When was the last time
you were in a relationship?
I was in a relationship
before my last assignment.
She was bad news.
Iesha. the girl was off the hook.
I'm talking paranormal activity.
The Exorcist.
The Shining. hell even Scooby-Doo.
It was terrible.
We dated for two years.
Two years too long.
I'm sorry. Excuse me for a moment.
Yes. this is her.
Yes. he's in my office.
You're going to see him tomorrow?
Okay. I'll let him know.
Yes. we're almost done.
Okay. Thank you. Bye.
That was Captain Hawkins.
She wants to see you in her office
tomorrow morning at nine o'clock.
I am going to clear you
for active duty reluctantly.
but I must remind you.
we are scheduled for two more sessions.
All things considered. you're doing well.
I'll see you next week.
Can I ask you a question. Dr. McCabe?
-What's that?
-Just be honest with me.
Do I look like Will Smith?
Goodbye. Rogers.
Oh. I get it.
You have to act like you don't see it.
Well. you should watch I. Robot.
I'm sure you'll see it.
By the way. I was going to say
you look like Halle Berry.
but you don't.
Not at all.
See you next week. doc.
Hey.
It's me.
Iesha. what are you doing?
Man. it's been almost
a year since I've seen you.
Well. I was in the neighborhood
and I thought I'd stop by
and see what you're up to people?
You're just in the neighborhood?
Yes. but what are you doing here?
You lucky I didn't get a restraining order
put on you first time.
You need to stay away
from me for real. for real.
-I see you're still upset.
-You see I'm still upset?
Hell yes. I'm upset.
You slashed my mom's tires
and broke my 65-inch TV.
-Yes. I'm upset.
-Baby. I'm sorry.
There's literally nothing I could do
to make up for those things.
I can tell you I'm better now.
-You're better now?
-Yes.
Listen. it was good seeing you and all.
but I got to go.
Please. listen.
Just hear me out.
I was diagnosed with bipolar disorder II.
I didn't know there are stages
to this thing.
That explains the mood swings.
the craziness.
We were together for two years.
It was the best two years of my life.
I just want us.
I want you.
-You want us?
-Yes.
There is no us.
Look. I don't want to be that guy.
I hate you. Iesha.
I've never hated anyone in my life.
but I really hate you.
You put through way too much.
Whatever you going through.
schizophrenia. COVID.
bipolar. you need
to deal with your issues.
I'm going to tell you this one time only.
You need to stay away from me before
I really get a restraining order put on you.
You understand me?
Hello. Yes.
You wanted to see me. Captain?
Will wait no considered; more.
Give me a second.
Yes. I understand.
If we could touch base a little bit later.
that'd be great.
Yes. Okay.
All right. Thank you.
Sorry. I'm late.
I had some loose ends I had to tie up.
You're fine.
Come on in.
How are you doing. Rogers?
I'll know as soon as we done
with this meeting.
Well. we do have an assignment for you.
This is Agent Jackson.
He's been running point
on the Peter Vega case.
In the next two months. we believe Vega is
going to take his operation out of the state.
Now if that happens.
we're going to be left in the dark
and have to start all over from scratch.
As luck would have it. I think
we may have found another way in.
We have four informants on the case.
three which were killed.
One survived. Anthony Allen.
We understand that the two of you
went to high school together.
This is your target.
One Samantha Owens. aka Heaven.
In and out of foster care.
No real criminal record as of yet.
Next. That right there is Eve Owens.
aka Candy.
24 and hardcore.
She's got a rap sheet longer than
any politician you will ever know.
Assault and battery. burglary.
You name it. this one has done it.
Sherry Westwood. aka Red.
This girl doesn't even have a clue.
Her family is what you would call affluent.
Put in the best schools.
best programs. best of everything.
They let her hang around.
Vega had a daughter. Stephanie Vega.
She was friends with Heaven.
There was a drive-by shooting.
Stephanie was killed.
Heaven was wounded.
Vega felt so bad that he cares
for Heaven as if it were his own daughter.
What I need you to do
is to get close to Heaven.
Find out what you can about Vega.
Don't push.
Just get information.
Anthony is going to meet you tomorrow.
Anthony Allen?
No. no. no. hell no.
I can't take him serious.
He'll mess around and get himself killed
and get me killed.
Look. I know it's asking a lot.
I know Anthony can't be trusted.
It's the only viable solution
that we have right now.
Look. Anthony will play ball.
He's looking at five years right now
for possession with intent to sell.
His mission right now is to keep Anthony
out of a maximum security prison.
Bottom line. are you ready for this?
If you're not ready--
-Just give me like a week
so I can get back in the swing of things.
You've got two hours.
We're giving you $20.000 to flush around
so you can get close to people.
In the meantime.
Heaven's planning a birthday party.
You make sure to buy her something nice.
Before you go.
just get all the information
of all the players involved here.
You're going to need that.
We're good.
Sergeant. Captain. honest question.
You gave me this mission because
I look like Will Smith. didn't you?
You look nothing like Will Smith.
If you come through on this case.
I'll tell you
that you look like Denzel
if you want me to.
What you telling me is you never seen
I. Robot?
No. If you close this case.
I'll buy it on Blu-ray.
I'm going to hold you to that. Captain.
My dude. man.
I ain't seen you a year.
Looking all spiffy. man.
I'm trying to be like you
when I grow up. man.
-What's up?
-Man. anyway.
Listen. we're going to hit
this party tonight
and I got a private meeting
with Heaven and her friends.
What time are we doing all this?
The party don't start till about 9:00. but
you know Black folks pop around 11:00 or so.
-We always late to the party.
-That's a fact.
You don't show up.
unless you meet the people.
go on rounds.
make sure everyone feel you out.
Make sure you straight.
After that. we're going to be in there.
Don't come dressed all copish.
You never pull no honeys like that.
First off. let's get this straight.
I can't have you out here committing
any felonies.
Look at me.
No guns. no drugs. no fights.
We got to play this straight down the middle.
You feel me?
I changed my ways. and you know that.
If I would've made better choices
in life. I'd be right beside you.
-What else you know about Heaven?
-Chill out. Robocop.
-Dude.
-Man. listen.
It's her father. Vega. right?
The dude cast shadows.
everybody's scared of him.
but Heaven.
she on the straight and narrow.
The girl got a food truck.
She's trying to call like
two more this year.
The girl beautiful. sexy.
all of that. but--
-But what?
-Man. it's her friend. Candy.
The girl gang. angry. upset.
I'm just telling you. she going to make
it a horror for you to get to her.
That's all I'm saying.
She in these streets for real.
like Omar of the Wild.
Omar of the Wild. What is this?
A TV show or something?
I don't watch TV.
Scratch all that. man.
I'm just saying she is going to make it hard
for you to get to her.
That's what I'm saying
at the end of the day.
-What do you know about her home girl. Red?
-Man. the white girl?
She thinks she Black.
As long as you keep her happy.
you're in there.
-That's it?
-Yes. that's it.
That's really a happy birthday now.
Thank you.
What are you doing here?
I thought I'd stop by and wish you
a happy birthday.
Only my friends were invited.
We're not friends.
-What happened to us was--
-What happened to us? Us?
What happened to me only happened to me
because you didn't say anything.
Oh. come on. Heaven.
I was Vega's assistant when Stan.
when he--
If I had said anything.
I would have been killed.
You could have told me. Ronda.
I could have helped you.
but instead you said nothing.
Then he tried to force himself
onto me next. God.
-I'm so sorry.
-That was almost two years ago.
-I'm sorry. I didn't know what to do.
-I would've believed you.
You don't believe me now.
People like you never give a damn until
something like this happens to them. too.
People like me?
You don't even know me.
I've been in and out of foster homes
for years. the bad kind.
Don't act like I don't know
what it means to struggle.
Well. look at you now.
The most dangerous man in Ohio
looks at you like you're his own daughter.
It looks to me like you forgot
what it means to struggle.
Ronda. you need to leave right now
before I kill you.
Rogers. you just going to walk past me
like that and not say something?
Hey. Tonya. What's good?
I've been working on time.
Why are you giving your sister. Ava.
a hard time?
God only gave you one sister.
You need to be there for her.
God only gave me one father too. and Ava.
she took all that from me. just like stat.
You know she make bad decisions.
It's only a matter of time before
she can reap what she sowed.
Look. I know it's hard.
-I lost my dad too.
-I remember that.
I'm sorry to hear about that.
Well. you don't have to worry about that
man doing anything else to you ever again.
I made sure of that.
Now. I do want to apologize
to you for lashing out on you.
You didn't do this. Ronda.
He did. You're not my enemy.
If you want to stay. you can stay. okay?
I hate going to his memories.
I suggest you do the same
thing too. but Ava.
she fell in love with the wrong man.
You all understand how hard it is
to come back from that.
You ain't telling me nothing.
Ava been making bad decisions.
standing on our hope. but I have faith
that she could replace my father.
But every time I look at her. I see him.
I ain't really trying to hear
nothing Ava's talking about.
I'm sorry you feel that way.
I remember when we was in high school
and you used to beat up all the bullies.
I might not be telling you nothing
that you don't know.
but you ain't got to be in jail
to be in prison.
Your sister. Ava. she's in jail.
She's locked to her past.
It might not be a physical jail.
but she's still there.
I hate to see you locked up with her.
That ain't going to happen to me.
Thank you. Seriously. Tonya. thank you.
-I've got to get back to something. all right?
-Try to give her a call for me. please.
Look out for your family because
the devil's always around the corner.
The good thing about that too.
not about that. but that God is there too.
-All right. You take care. baby.
-Yes. you're right about all of that.
Take care. See you later.
-Hey. how're you doing?
-Hey. I'm so glad you could make it.
-Of course. Hey. Red. how're you doing?
-What's up. dawg? .
I understand.
I need to talk to you all for a minute.
You all follow me.
This my dawg right here.
He crashed one of the lights
maybe a month or so.
He got it together.
This right here. this is Heaven.
This crazy girl right here.
she's crazy as hell. man. That's Red.
-What's up. birthday girl?
-How're you doing?
Good. Happy birthday.
Anthony told me a lot about you.
-What about me?
-Oh. you need so paper too?
Hold on.
Where Candy at?
I thought she would be here by now.
You know Candy.
She's somewhere around here
trying to get all the girls.
Candy is Candy.
Where are you from. Rogers?
From Akron.
last time when I was 12.
-It ain't that bad here. though.
-Interesting.
-Why are you hanging out with Anthony?
-He and I go way back.
See. after COVID hit. I lost my job.
Now I'm just trying
to get back on my feet.
The man was nice enough to let
me stay with him for a little bit.
but your feet bang. shawty.
When I first saw you walk over here.
I looked at you like.
"She's got this Cardi B type of swag."
Hold on. let me guess.
You're either a rapper or a singer.
God sent you here.
I love you.
We just met.
but you see right through me.
You see my truth.
-I can say I understand you. but--
-You all calm down.
I got an important announcement to make.
It's your boy. DJ Date. I want to send
a happy birthday shout-out to the homegirl.
Heaven. You all salute the birthday girl.
Your girlfriend is going to be mad at you.
but Ray ain't going to leave you alone.
You know what?
No girlfriend at the moment.
I'm just trying to get back on my feet.
I have been thinking
about getting into the food industry.
like starting my own food truck.
That's simple.
Did Anthony tell you about me?
The only thing that Anthony told me
about you
was that your body could stop time.
No. about my business.
Rogers. you okay?
I'm sorry. See?
Just like that.
your body just stopped time.
You know what?
Seriously though. I have a food truck.
I would be interested to know
your ideas on food services.
You can get my number from Anthony.
-I'll do that.
-Do that.
I will.
-Yo. what's up?
-Hey.
-Happy birthday.
-Thank you.
-How you been?
-I've been good.
-How're you?
-You know me. I just do my one-two.
-For real?
-For real.
-Who was that?
-He's just a friend. but--
-What?
-Back to what you were saying.
I was just saying who knows?
Maybe one day we can
go into the industry.
Rogers and Heaven Food Service.
Heaven and some dude getting
back on his feet.
Put it like that.
I guess I have to make Heaven a priority.
That is if your boyfriend
don't get jealous.
No boyfriend.
I've been single for years.
I don't have all that drama and stuff
that comes with relationships.
I don't have time for it.
You know it doesn't have to be that way.
As long as you're willing
to put someone first.
great things can happen.
-You feeling that?
-Yes. that's true.
.
We got to go.
He came over feeling
like we got to get out.
.
-I'm afraid that might not be possible.
-Did you pay the woman yet?
-Look. it's okay.
I got to get back to my party anyway.
Y'all go handle your business.
Anthony. make sure you give
Rogers my number. okay?
LJ. I didn't mean to bother you.
You didn't have to rush
all the way over here.
Hey ma. you don't bother me.
You never bother me.
What's going on?
Diagnosis of COPD.
It's emphysema.
-What is that? Is it a kid?
-No.
I know I haven't been around lately.
I've been working a lot.
I didn't even know if I could call you.
I don't know if that number works.
It's been four years.
Four years since I've even heard from you.
When your dad died--
Ma. ma. ma I didn't come over here
to talk about that.
I know. I know. I know.
I need you to understand.
-Son. I need you to--
-Ma. I don't know if you wanted to--
Oh. you're here.
Wow. Four years later.
-What the hell is she doing here?
-What am I doing here?
We haven't seen you in four years and
you're asking me what am I doing here?
I'm the one who
has been taken care of mom.
I'm the one that's been here.
You haven't been here.
I'm not even in the mood
for your mouth today. okay?
My mouth?
Look. if dad was here.
he'd have been taking care of mom.
You're the reason
we going through all this.
You show up like you haven't done
a thing.
Hey. mom. why would you let her back
in your life?
Son. you need to let it go
and let God helped you with it.
I miss my husband every day.
If we hold on to this hate.
it's going to kill us all.
LJ. I am sick.
I don't know how much longer
I have to live.
Do we really have to go
through all of this right now?
Sorry. mom.
-We don't need Ava's drama right now.
-My drama?
You got some nerve talking about me.
You're not the only one in pain. LJ.
-You're not the only one who misses dad.
-Please. please. just let it be.
How many times have you told her
to leave Brandon?
The time he cracked your ribs.
or the time he broke your jaw?
Oh. I guess it was the time he let you
stranded in Kentucky.
Son. let it be. Just let it be.
No. I'm not letting it be.
Not this time.
I've made mistakes.
We've all made mistakes.
-Why can't you just let it go?
-This was more than a mistake.
Your dad came to protect you
from this cat.
Your man stopped beating you long enough
to kill your father.
I live with that every day.
Every day.
Look. I'm going to school
to help women in my situation
because all I can do right now
is give back.
You know what? Mom. do you need anything?
I just wanted you to know
that I wasn't getting any better.
My doctor told me I need
to get my affairs in order.
Ma. mom. just tell me what it is.
Just tell me what you need.
What I don't need is to leave this world
knowing that our family is still broke.
I need you to forgive your sister.
Ma. don't talk like that.
Everything is going to be all right.
Just let me know when your
next doctor's appointment is.
I need you to forgive your sister.
Thursday.
It's next Thursday at 12:30
and it's our first appointment
with a specialist at the Cleveland Clinic.
I don't want to put you out. son.
Don't worry about it.
-Ava and I will be just fine.
-Mom. I'll always be there for you.
Always.
I love you.
You just let me know. okay?
Saying the same for you.
Hey.
-Iesha. what is you doing here?
-Well. I'm walking.
but I saw you across the way
so I thought I'd say hi.
-Are you following me or something?
-.
Look. calm down.
I've been working for like two months.
I work at the Credit Union
down the street.
-Why would I be following you?
-Sorry. I didn't mean it like that.
It's just I got a lot going on right now.
I really got to go.
I have something for you at the apartment.
Yo. stop playing with me right now.
Do not play with my emotions like that.
I'm serious.
I got it for you for your birthday.
except I couldn't give it to you because
you already been gone by then.
I know.
That was a crazy time.
I gave you every--
I got to go. all right.
Look. I'm sorry
for everything that happened.
Even though we can't be a couple.
I just like to apologize
for everything I've done wrong.
Iesha. I'm working right now. All right?
Can we talk about this later?
-Well. I do have to go back to work. Later?
-Good to see you again.
You too.
Wow. It's good to see you again. Heaven.
I have to ask you a question.
-What's up?
-Have you seen Anthony?
No. not since we left your party.
He was acting a little weird.
Dropped me back off at his spot.
I haven't seen him since.
What's going on?
Well. some money came out
missing out of the room he was in.
I just want to ask him a few questions
and see if he saw anything.
Look. if you need some money.
I don't mind.
Oh. wait.
We just met each other.
Don't go offering me money now.
You're not like everybody else.
Well. thank you.
but I don't need your money.
Wow.
You're just going to curve my money.
Out of all my years of living.
I've never met a woman
that turned down free money.
with no strings attached.
Well. maybe you need to rethink
your definition of a woman.
Maybe I do.
Look. I had a vision.
-The only problem with your food truck is--
-My food truck is a problem to you?
Not the problem.
Come on. just hear me out.
People come from this building.
they rush to your truck.
They're the first people in line.
Now. the only problem with that
is people get what.
maybe an hour. 30 minutes
for their lunch break?
They want food and they want it fast.
so they come in. they wait in line.
Our top items are made ahead of time.
so all of our regular customers
get served on time.
I understand that. but I'm not talking
about the people that are already in line.
What if you go in there and serve people
floor by floor before the rush?
That way. the people
that can't make it to you.
they can get something to eat in there.
I'm promising it'll double your
profit every single day.
Okay. okay. but what makes you think
I haven't already thought of that?
Simple.
You haven't done it.
-Hey.
Here's my favorite person.
What's going on?
-I didn't know you was going to be here.
-I was just in the area.
Did you want to talk to me
about something?
Not this time. I just wanted to run
something by your friend here.
You didn't come here to scare away
my boyfriend. did you?
No. no. Boyfriend?
How are you doing? I'm Rogers.
The name is Vega. Rogers.
I just need to borrow your boyfriend
for a few minutes.
-Just when I thought I was important.
-No. it's not like that.
Let me just run some things by Rogers
and me and you can speak.
-You want to take a walk. Rogers?
-Yes. sure.
I know my daughter's falling
for you. Rogers.
I see that look in her eye.
I just want to let you know
if you're in Heaven's life.
I'm in your life.
You need anything. anything at all.
just don't hesitate to let me know.
You know. man. I really appreciate that.
I mean. the last few days me and
Heaven been talking. it's been like heaven.
I'm not sure if you met Candy yet.
She has good intentions.
very protective over Heaven.
Since you're involved. she's going to feel
like she's being replaced.
I haven't met Candy. but I have met Red.
That girl is wow.
She did tell me you saved
her life before.
Did you know in the foster care system
there are thousands--
Excuse me. I don't mean to interrupt you.
but we're looking for you for a while.
-John. how's the lovely wife doing?
-She's doing great.
Listen. I can't thank you enough.
Paying off my house.
I was behind three months
on the mortgage. so when the bank came.
I thought we were getting kicked out.
They handed me the deed and said
thanks for being customers.
His family has been a pillar
of this community for years.
I was not going to let nothing
happen to your family. John.
I truly can't thank you enough.
Listen. come over next week for dinner.
My wife will be thrilled.
-I'll be over there. You let her know.
-God bless you.
I'll see you. John.
Well. Rogers. there's things I got to do.
and my daughter doesn't like to be waiting
for too long.
I'm going to see you around. Rogers.
What exactly are we doing here?
We look like we're walking around
your town.
We're starting to see each other every day.
-Whatever you think.
-Okay.
What's up with you. man?
Yo. man. what's up with you?
My bad. Q. I didn't know that was you.
Pause.
Y'all remember Hector. right?
Now. I knew he ain't die.
but how the fuck he get out of jail?
-You really think you can handle me?
-Stop. Heaven. I don't like that.
Come on. Rogers--
-show me what you got.
-Heaven. I said stop.
Leave me alone. all right?
Damn. I was only playing.
-Hey. how are you?
-Man. Dr. McCabe. not good.
I mean. it's like I'm a clown at a circus
just juggling
and life keeps throwing these balls
at me and I got to catch them.
I can't keep up.
Something's got to give.
Your mission has a deadline.
It can't be long now before
this will all come to a close.
Argh.
-Go ahead. finish your thought.
-I've seen Vega do stuff for the community.
Heaven's trying to get
her business off the ground.
Meanwhile. Captain Hawkins is acting
like they're some Al Capone
criminal super organization
or something.
This whole mission is a waste of time.
I'm telling you.
It is perfectly normal for an undercover
officer to lose perspective.
Eight people died of overdoses this week.
Do you think the parents of those
eight people would agree with you?
Dr. McCabe. the closer I get to Heaven--
How do you think Heaven
is going to feel when this is all over?
When she finds out
that you're a police officer
and that the only reason you're with her
is to take down the man
that treats her like a daughter?
This illusion of a relationship
is just that.
It's an illusion. It's not real.
I need you to understand something.
I stab people in the back for a living.
I get close to them.
I laugh at their jokes.
I tell them they could trust me.
Then boom. a knife in their back.
It's my job and I'm good at it.
Hey. Rogers. don't lose
sight of your mission.
You are not here to judge
who's good or who's evil.
The law is the law.
and you're there to uphold it.
They trust me.
They treat me like family.
They're not your family.
They're your mission.
You have a family.
-Your mom needs. your sister. Ava. needs you.
-They don't need me.
Make peace with your real family.
Easier said than done.
When it comes to relationships
usually is. but you can do--
I'm not sure why you wanted
to meet him here today.
You know. with everything
that's going on.
it might not be that safe
for us to be out in the open like this.
Something's wrong.
The feds aren't following me anymore.
All my contacts in the local law
enforcement have gone dark.
-It's time to move on.
-What does that mean for us?
It means we're done with Ohio. Warren.
Austintown. Youngstown. we're done with it.
You want me to push everything up now?
Yes. we're going to have to move
the schedule.
When your enemies change. you do as well.
I would never let my ego influence
what I do.
That's how you get caught.
I have the one thing that they lack.
That's conviction.
I need you do me a favor.
-What's that?
-Find Rogers. follow him.
be my ace in the hole.
I thought you'd never ask.
Is all this really that necessary?
-What is you doing here?
-You cool? Come in and find out.
-Man. pretty strong for a girl.
-The next time you put a gun in my face.
you better pull the trigger.
I will. I got you.
Ladies first.
Well. the truth is that I really
haven't seen my son for about four years.
He showed up a little while ago.
but I'm glad.
I'm glad to see that he has
so many nice friends
that I just didn't even know about.
It's just really a pleasure.
Son.
Rogers.
Why you never introduce me
to your mother and your lovely sister?
Did you know your mother's a baker?
Three-year champ chicken pot pie.
Marvelous.
-I'm so glad you're here.
-I'll be right back. mom.
What's wrong.
Please don't be upset.
Thursday when I was taking
an employee home from work.
I drove by and I seen you
leaving this house.
I know how secretive you are. but
I wanted to come by and surprise you.
I didn't have no idea it was
your mother's house though.
I know you didn't.
Why is Vega here?
-Why he got a gun in my mom's house?
-Calm down.
It's Youngstown.
-Yes. this is Youngstown.
-Everybody got a gun.
-Excuse me?
I need to talk to you for a minute.
Look. I'm sorry.
I had no clue who was at the door.
Since I'm afraid of the cops.
I figured I should call you.
Ava. you're cool.
You did the right thing.
How long they been here?
I don't know. 30. maybe 40 minutes.
Look. I think that's the guy
I saw on the news.
Some type of drug kingpin or something.
-Yes. you're right. it's him.
-You have some nerves.
Always talking about me making bad
decisions and hanging around the wrong men
and people.
but here you are bringing drug
pushers into our mama's house.
Ava. you just calm down.
We ain't got time for this right now.
-I'ma handle this. All right?
-Yes.
We just stood there staring at this lady
wondering if she was .
That's a funny story.
I haven't laughed so hard like that.
-I missed that laugh.
-You had to have been there.
Rogers. I need to go on my way.
but I have to make sure our mom is okay.
-Our mom?
-Yes. Well. Rogers is family now.
so your mom is our mom.
It's all good. Vega.
and I appreciate it.
but I have--
Hold on. Hold on.
I know you got it. I know you got it.
That's why I took the liberty upon myself
to hire nurse practitioner. Sandy Baker.
who'll be working on your mother's vital--
I'm sorry. I don't mean to offend
anyone. but we don't know you.
-Ava.
-Mom. we don't know her.
-Please. don't be that way.
-To have a stranger up in your house.
Mr. Vega. I do appreciate and thank you
for your concern. but this is a lot.
-A lot.
-It's not just for you.
It's for me as well.
My mother died of pancreatic cancer
four years ago.
-Oh. I'm so sorry to hear that.
-I never been over it.
Hey. Mrs. Rogers. take a breath.
I'm here to take care of you. okay?
Trust that.
-Okay.
-Okay. Mrs. Rogers. take a deep breath.
Another.
Mrs. Rogers.
you don't have to worry about anything.
I'm here to take care of you.
I've worked at the Cleveland Clinic
for three years.
but now I work for you.
-Okay.
-That's a good idea.
The hospital is not a place
for anyone right now.
They've got COVID. MRSA.
God only knows what else.
There's no crime in giving this a try.
Can I tell them this part?
Well. dad is renting the house
next door for Sandy.
so she'll be here anytime you need her.
-Isn't that wonderful?
-Isn't that crazy?
-You can't be serious.
-Seriously.
If there's one thing I can't do
is put a price tag on our mother's life.
We both want the same thing here.
Fine.
Truth be told. I was drowning
in copays and premiums.
Thank you so much.
God bless you.
I hope when I'm down and out.
the good Lord blesses me with his favor.
With that-- All right?
Now. do me a favor. call Heaven.
I have been trying to. man.
She is not picking up.
Okay. well. put that away.
go to the crib.
tell them I found Anthony.
I'm about to go back and get this money
and the .
You know what?
You might want to remember I'm the OG here.
You might want to remember this.
-You know what? Red?
-Yo. I'll be back.
You. just be you.
Yes. as I was stating. it's all cool.
Yo. Ant.
-Hey. hey.
-No. you done messed up. bro.
-Listen. Listen.
-You know you done messed up.
-No. for real.
-Baby. you--
-The moment you stole from me.
that's the moment you signed
your death warrant.
-You're about to die today.
-Baby. you're looking good.
-You're looking good as hell.
-No. I'm tired of you.
I'm tired of you and all your stuff.
You're about to die. bro.
Hey. All right. listen. I've got some very
valuable information for you. okay?
The reason why I took the money was
because there were so many people around.
I didn't want nobody else to get it.
You know where to find me at.
Roger and Heaven.
I was sent in to actually
help out with that. okay?
I'm an informant for the cops. all right?
Man. you're lying. man.
Don't nobody got no time for this.
-Listen. I know--
-Man. you slow?
-Hey.
-You slow?
-No.
-You got a mental disorder or something like that?
-No. no. Listen.
-No. I ain't got time for this. you lying?
I know who going to be there.
when they going to be there
and when it's going down.
Who do you think I am?
You know I don't play.
-You know I don't play.
-Listen. I am your only hope to success. okay?
Listen to me.
Obviously. you can find me. okay?
You found me now.
I'm in the hood all day.
You know that.
We ain't even got to make it like this.
-You know me. baby. it's cool.
-Look--
It's cool. and you're looking good.
you're looking nice.
You're looking like you're about to die.
You're about to die.
Hey. I've been looking all over for you.
-Sure. you have.
-I've got some--
Yes. Vega. I've got him.
You wanted to see me?
One thing I learned about these streets.
they're always teaching me something new.
I hate rats.
Do you hate rats?
-Yo. he still ain't talking.
-That's too bad.
-Yo. what y'all here doing to Anthony. man.
-Back up. Back up. Yo. back up.
-Yo. y'all ain't got to kill him.
-This is very important right now.
What do you know about Anthony?
I mean. I know him from back in the day.
We went to school together.
Anthony. good peoples.
Yo. if he stole something.
I could pay his debt.
Yo. it's not that simple.
Word on the streets
is there's a rat loose.
If I'm not mistaken. Anthony's the rat.
He's feeding our every move to five-o.
First you say he's a cop.
then you say he stole money from Heaven.
-It's got to be some other explanation.
-He's not a cop.
He's an informant.
They busted him in jail for whatever.
he's out on the streets.
That's what he does.
He's a rat.
-I can get you the money back. Vega.
-It's not about the money.
He's a snitch. He dies. It's simple.
What you call me here for. to watch?
You're going to be my exterminator.
-No. I ain't killing nobody.
-You can't do it?
-I can't do it.
-You're telling me you can't do it?
-Nope.
-Anthony. what you got to say for yourself?
It's not me. It's not me.
I know who runs the city. it's you.
The city wouldn't be nothing without you.
Vega. I am not a rat.
You've got two minutes
before you eat this bullet.
It's Rogers.
He was sent in to get close to Heaven.
He's the cop.
Give me a chance.
I can get in close with the cops.
I can get in. get all the information
and report back to you.
Give me a chance.
Did you believe this guy?
You're trying to save his life and pay his
debt and he's trying to get you killed.
-This is a special kind of rat right here.
-Special kind of rat.
Man. listen. Listen.
He was sent to set you up.
-Jesus Christ. Listen to me.
-Do not take the Lord's name in vain.
What now?
I like you. Rogers.
If I let this rat go.
he'll start saying he works for the FBI.
He'll do anything to save his own hide.
-Ace. it's up to you.
-If we let him go. he'll just call the cops.
If he don't call the cops.
he'll tell everybody
how he stole from you-
-I won't do that.
--and you did nothing about it.
I won't do that.
-Come on. Vega. you ain't got to kill him.
-I won't do that.
Do you believe this guy. Ace?
He still wants to save this piece of trash.
No.
It's up to you.
No. man. I told you.
you ain't have to kill him. man.
Hey. hey. over. it's over.
It's done.
I got a cleanup crew coming through
any minute.
They won't have no trace of us
ever being here.
Listen. okay? We're family now.
Family takes care of each other.
You did good. okay?
You did real good.
Keep your cell phone on.
We'll contact you.
It was just a bad dream.
Come on. boy.
My boy.
Hello. we are not available now.
Please leave your name
and phone number after the beep.
Rogers. me and Sergeant Jackson
need to see you immediately.
What's going on?
Somebody say something.
Look. it's a lot going on.
-I think I can come up with a way--
-They're shutting us down.
They're going to raid
Vega's place next week.
Why would they do that right now?
I'm so close.
-I just need a little bit more time.
-Time is something we don't have. Rogers.
We have every reason to believe
that someone in this office
is giving information to Vega.
That puts you in danger.
We don't need an undercover cop
dead on our hands.
Wait. wait. wait. wait.
If Vegas was on to me.
don't y'all think I would know that?
Who's to say anybody leaking
information to Vega?
Well. when you have three informants
die on the same day.
it's more than just a coincidence.
Well. I tried to keep this information
from certain people.
I wanted to nail this bastard
before the higher ups found out about it.
Now that they know.
they just want to arrest everyone.
They can find and pray
that someone flips on Vega.
That's the wrong move.
Just give me one more week.
That's all I need.
I'll hold them off for as long as I can.
but that really isn't the issue right now.
Just give me as much time as you can.
all right?
Yes. we need to find the lead
or you're as good as dead.
Rogers. be careful.
-Hey. John. how've you been?
-Hey. OG. what's going on with you?
-What's happening?
-Not much. Same stuff. different day. you know.
-I know. Yes. I know.
-Hey. you know Heaven's boyfriend?
Of course.
-You seen him?
-Actually. he just passed right by me.
There he goes there.
-What's going on?
-It's about time we meet. man.
I'm Candy. I'm Heaven's best friend.
Heaven's best-- Hey. yo. is Haven cool?
Something happen to Heaven?
Man. hey. watch it.
Watch it. dude.
-I'm just asking. is Heaven cool?
-You know what? Turn around.
I don't know what's going on.
Now I know why she
never wanted us to meet.
-I been knew you was a cop.
-Whoa. what's all this cop stuff?
-I ain't no cop.
-Man. shut up.
Anthony. already told me everything. B.
You out here lying.
You thought you
was going to take down Vega.
No. no. not today.
I don't know what you're talking about.
Anthony. everybody know Anthony a liar.
-You going to listen to him?
-Shut up.
-I ain't seen him in a minute.
-Man. shut up.
Going to get me a little bonus today.
Yo. whatever it is. whatever you're talking
about. we can straighten it out right now.
Vegas going to pay me good.
He going to pay me good
to take out this trash.
-Vega.
-You already know what it is.
You're cop. you're liar. you're a sneak.
-I ain't no cop.
-Oh no. you're going to die today. bro.
-Roger. I had to do it.
-Hold on. hold on. hold on.
-We need to call the cops.
-No. No. no. we ain't got to call the cops.
We ain't got to call cops.
Don't worry about that.
-What I need you to do is get home.
-What? No. Rogers. I'm not going down for this.
You have to get home.
you're not going to go down for this.
I'm going to take care of everything.
Take these clothes. burn them.
Throw them away.
Is that gun registered?
No. it's a friend's.
Take that gun and throw it in the river.
all right?
Get rid of. I can't explain right now.
Just let me take care of this.
-This is crazy.
-I'll call you later.
Just get home. do what I said. okay?
So far. they don't have
any new information.
It looks as if it was a professional hit.
One shot to the back. close range.
No evidence. no shell cases.
They don't have a clue.
I'm so sorry.
We're going to get down
to the bottom of this.
Whoever killed Candy.
we're going to find them
and they're going to pay.
Where's Anthony?
Red told me that she saw Candy
follow him yesterday.
We have to find him.
Ace saw both of them
having a conversation yesterday.
Candy ran off after the conversation.
Then who would do something like this?
I know Candy acted tough a lot.
but she won't actually hurt anyone.
-Did she have any enemies?
-No.
-Who else could have wanted her dead?
-I don't know.
-Where's Rogers?
-I've been calling him for a few days.
-A few days?
We got to find Rogers.
What if something happened to him too?
No. something is going to happen to him
if he don't come here.
think that way.
He's a big boy.
I'm sure he can take care of himself.
-What are y'all doing here?
-You do your job and we'll do ours.
I'm trying to do my job.
but y'all have to leave.
You know we all know what happened. right?
That's fine. but y'all have to leave.
I got this.
What a butt-hole.
-Rogers.
-Hey. speak of the devil.
Where have you been?
I've called you. I needed you.
Just give me one second. all right?
I'm so sorry to hear
about your daughter Candy.
If there's anything I can do.
just let me know.
I know it's not much.
but whatever can help. okay?.
I'm sorry. everyone.
I heard about Candy's death on the news.
I have an idea.
We could ask the Bishop.
Who the hell is the Bishop?
The bishop. he's the eyes and ears
to everything that goes on around here.
For a small fee. he could tell you
anything about anybody.
He deals in secrets.
You'd be surprised the amount of crazy
things people would do for those secrets.
Well. I ain't never heard of him.
Most of the craziness
that's been done around here.
the Bishop has given up information.
Okay. so how do we find
this Wizard of Oz?
He gets more death threats than Obama.
You're going to have to walk down a yellow
brick road to get a meeting with him.
but I can set up a meeting
with him tomorrow.
I don't care what it cost. daddy.
I'll even sell my food truck if I have to.
I just want to know what happened
to Candy.
-I'll do anything.
-Hey. hey. all that is unnecessary.
I'll take care of it.
I mean. if it's cool. Vega.
I'll tag along if you want me to.
-I don't mind. we can all go.
-I ain't going nowhere.
I wasn't talking to you.
Usually. he only allows two people
but he probably can make
an exception of me though.
One thing about him his bodyguards
have bodyguards.
-I think I'm going to be sick.
-Come here. baby.
We got you. all right?
-I got your back.
-Who do you want to go with us to this meeting?
-Rodgers. I just don't trust Rodgers.
-I know he knows something more.
-Don't be quick to judge.
If something's going on
we will find out soon enough.
It's been over an hour.
How long is this supposed to take?
I've been in this city all my life
Yes. we are wasting time.
We could be out looking for people.
finding witnesses. or something.
Yo. that's what I'm talking about.
Everybody be patient.
Be patient. Bishop just wants to know
how bad you want the information.
that is all.
We're probably being watched right now.
He never meets in the same place twice.
so don't nobody do anything drastic.
I'll try.
Hand them over.
-Hand over what?
-You already know.
Ace.
You. too. Rodg. you know what time it is.
-Man.
-I just dont like this. I dont like this.
Yo. so where are we supposed
to be meeting at?
Please stop talking.
Everything is going to go exactly
how it's supposed to go.
You're making everyone nervous.
How're we supposed to know who Bishop is?
Bishop will be waiting for you at the park.
You say one more word.
they're going to need a preacher
and Bishop for your funeral.
I'm talking to him.
Okay. now remember
we already have your money.
You only get one question with Bishop.
Now. if you have any further questions.
then you have to make another appointment.
I love this song right here.
Just because it show you how easy
people can be fooled by appearance.
Nigger. I was surprised
that you guys want to see me.
I was even more surprised that this aint
about the feds closing in on your operation.
but you're here for your little girl.
Looking out for family. I like that.
Look at you so pretty.
I'm going to ask you a question.
Are you sure you want me
to tell you who killed Candy Connor?
How did you know that
I was going to ask you?
It's my job.
I'm good at it.
Yes. I want to know who
killed Candy more than anything.
You should never make a decision
based on hurt. anger.
and frustration.
I know you're hurt and I'm sorry
for your loss
but too many people come to me
with questions that have a very dark ending.
The Bible says the light shine
in the darkness
and the darkness comprehended it not.
What does that even mean?
You're thinking dark thoughts:
revenge. hate. murder.
It's like a cancer to your soul.
Darkness clouds everything.
I know that for you. Heaven.
that's the wrong question.
I don't care.
I want to know who killed my friend.
I'm sorry to hear that.
There is a better question.
but since that's your question.
it is Iesha Smith.
-Who the hell is Iesha Smith?
-Yo. cut all that.
Who is this chick?
That's not the way this works.
Come on. baby. you know the rules.
This is just business.
Yo. it's just business.
Thank you. Bishop. much appreciated.
-Thank him for what?
-I appreciate your business. Vega.
-Hey. Q--
I mean Rodgers. if you ever need me.
it's only going to cost you
30 pieces of silver.
I might take you up on that.
Hey. yo. Heaven.
Hey. hey. y'all. hey.
I got to go. y'all.
Rodgers. I'm risking my job
by sitting up here talking to you.
The least you can do is hear me out.
Well. if it ain't old Jack.
I aint got time to deal with nothing
you got going on right now. bro.
It's about Heaven and Vega.
Listen. man. I'm sorry. all right?
I'm sorry about what happened.
That was years ago and this is now.
I'm trying to help people.
How you know about the case I'm in on?
Working on a task force
to try to take down the Bishop.
and all of a sudden. your name pops up.
Not to mention that I seen you
at the park with Vega and his crew.
Now you need to find a way
to get off this case
because. my brother.
you're way over your head on this one.
I ain't got to do nothing.
First. I ain't in over my head.
and second.
-I got everything under control.
-You're not listening to me.
Heaven is not who you think she is.
The one that they call Ace is wanted
for murder in Mexico.
Vega.
Vega is something else all put together.
People that disappoint him.
they end up disappearing.
What's this about Heaven
ain't the person I think she is?
Please don't tell me you crossed
the line with this woman.
Have you read her site file?
This woman is damaged.
Now. I don't know why I thought you
will be different than any other guy
that came across her path.
The last thing I need to do
is to take any advice from you.
You took credit for all my work.
You're a fraud. Jack.
I mean you are a fraud.
It's only a matter of time before you fail
to live up to everybody's expectations.
Look. I didnt have to come here
and do nothing.
I could have just let you get caught up
in the trap
they got setting up for you right now.
What I'm trying to--
Look at me when I talk to you.
Talk.
You win.
I'll leave it alone.
I'll leave it alone
but you will hear this.
I'm working with a task force
that's trying to take down the Bishop
and the next thing I know your name
is all over the underground sites.
There are people trying to kill you.
Rodgers.
Jack. what is it you want me to do?
I don't want you to do nothing.
Just be careful.
Vega has another right-hand man.
Three years ago.
I think his name is Stan Walker.
Well. he made a move on Heaven.
Now rumor has it that she snapped.
We believe that she killed him
and Vega covered it up.
Rumor. that's all you got?
A rumor?
That's all we should need.
You don't know Heaven like I do.
You just met her. man.
-She would never do anything to hurt somebody.
-You just met her.
Now trust. trust is a luxury that we both
can't afford in this line of business. brother.
Well. you listen to me real good brother.
If I see you again--
Oh. so now you Batman.
Now he Batman.
If anybody going to be Batman.
it's going to be me.
-Hey.
-Hey. I didn't think I'd see you so soon.
Do I need to turn myself in?
That lady. I was just trying to protect you.
I thought she was going to kill you.
No. it's not that just listen.
The woman you shot is connected
with some very. very bad people. okay?
I got to get you out of town because
they got your name listed as the shooter.
-What? How did they get my name?
-Listen. we can take care of that another time.
Right now. I got to get you out of town.
You got to go.
What? Rodger are you crazy?
I have an apartment.
-I have a job. I'm not going.
-No. no. no. They will kill you. Iesha.
They don't care about your new job
or your apartment.
They will kill you.
Here's some money.
All right. I got to get you out of town.
You got to leave now. all right?
Okay.
Hey. Q. that ain't the same woman
that you was with yesterday.
You get around. we need to talk.
We ain't got nothing
to talk about. Hector.
You're wrong about that. Q.
You took two things from me:
time and money.
Two things I can't replace.
Now you got to die.
I got no problem with the woman.
she can go.
-Wait. are they the guys trying to kill me?
-No. that's somebody different.
They're trying to kill me.
Look. just stay down and stay calm.
all right?
Come on. Q.
You ain't got to make this difficult.
My friends and I don't have all day.
-Why do they keep calling you. Q?
-Here. just take this. Stay behind me.
-Time's up.
-What are you doing with a gun?
Start shooting. and stay behind me.
Vega.
Rodgers. no need to yell.
I'm right here.
Ace. put the gun down.
Tell her to put it down.
Ain't no need for this to get ugly.
Rodgers. you backstabbing snake.
you put the gun down.
I know you were going to do it Vega.
but I still got to take you in.
I know you got a job to do Rodgers.
so do I.
Things I did for this community.
for Heaven.
-Backup.
-Your mother. she's a special woman.
How about the people that overdosed
on the poison that you sold them?
-Vega. let me take him out.
-You better put that gun down.
Hold on. hold on.
In the Old Testament.
instead of two armies fighting
and spilling the blood of thousands.
two warriors will face off in battle.
The winner of that battle
was said to be chosen by God
to be the winner.
and that warrior would take the land.
-Think you could take him?
-I did it before.
-I'm sure I could take him.
-I have faith in you.
You will be God's instrument.
You want me to fight. Ace.
If Ace beat me.
y'all get to leave.
but if I beat Ace.
I get to take both of y'all in.
-No problem. right?
-You have my word on that.
I will walk out of here
with my head held up high.
I'm going to beat you
like you owe me child support.
Yo. who taught this chick how to fight?
-You got any more advice for me?
-Oh. no. .
That was a good one.
You got me good right there.
You win. Rodgers. you got it.
-That's not necessary. I could take him.
-Don't worry about it. Ace. You did good.
-We live to fight another day.
-You know what. Vega?
Who's side are you on?
I've seen you do good things to people
and I've seen you do bad things to people.
What's up. man?
Well. Rodgers.
I'd like to tell you that long story.
but I can't.
but growing up in the church.
I've realized that with or without me.
if people want to harm themselves.
they're going to do it.
-That's messed up.
-I gave you my word.
You can take me in. no questions asked.
You know what. Vega?
I'm going to let you go.
The only reason why I'm letting you go
it's because of how you
looked out for my mom.
Go on and get up out of here
and take she-man with you.
-Ace. get the stuff.
-Yes. Ace. get the stuff.
Conviction Roberts.
that's what you lack. conviction.
I'll give you something that you
can take back to your people.
Mr. Jackson. he's the one that gave
me all the names of the informants.
He's your little. how can I say it?
Snake in the Garden of Eden.
Come on.
Hey. Will Smith. or if that's what
you want me to call you.
Hey. captain.
Hey. this whole fucking thing
didn't work out the way we wanted it to.
but people upstairs are happy
for the intel you were able to provide.
-Thank you. captain.
-I got you something.
-What you got for me?
-A promise is a promise.
-Really?
-I want you to know I watched this last night.
I still don't see it.
You look nothing like Will Smith.
Don't look at me that way.
Will Smith wishes he looked
this good as you do.
Well. I appreciate it. captain.
Hey. one thing though. I really got
something I got to talk to you about.
-it's serious. Can I talk to you?
-Absolutely.
Okay.
What are you doing?
First. I'm going to need you to cut
that light on and have a seat.
Put your gun on the table. slowly.
What makes you think I have a gun.
Rodgers?
Come on now. this is Youngstown.
everybody got a gun.
On the table. slowly.
Again. I have to ask. what are you
doing pointing a gun at a superior officer?
I can have your badge for that.
Vega dimed you out.
but what's crazy. though. is why you
ain't just let Vega know I was undercover?
You know that would have saved
you a lot of trouble. right?
Because you're a cop.
those others were a bunch of junkies
willing to kill themselves
and their families.
If a junkie dies. nobody cares.
but if a cop. there's always questions.
I guess that makes you
a bad guy with morals.
Three people are dead because of you.
No. Rodgers. three people are dead
because they were looking for drugs.
Now. look. you can say what you want.
but you know and I know
that no one is going to believe you.
I'm the most decorated cop
in this freak scene for the last 10 years.
You're some guy everyone felt sorry for
for getting shot.
-You couldn't even bring in Vega.
-Really?
What you got to say about that. captain?
I don't know by that.
I mean.
how do you not believe somebody
that looks like Will Smith?
When Rodgers first told me
that you were the rat.
I didn't believe him.
There's always more than one rat.
You guys have no idea
how high up this goes.
Vega is working for us.
You think people believe
that Vega is a big deal?
People outside of Ohio
have never heard of him.
Now I have times. dates. names.
I have it all.
no one is-
-You good. captain?
-Yes. I'm good.
It was a hit.
They knew he was going to talk.
Okay. all right.
Hey. we got to get out of here.
Yes. this is nowhere near over.
-Hello. Officer Rodgers.
-Yes. this is Rodgers. what's going on?
It's Detective Reyes.
Vega and Ace got away.
-They're on the run.
-Yes. I heard about that.
Now we have to bring his daughter in.
-You mean Samantha Owens?
-Yes. Samantha Owens.
I don't understand. Heaven don't have
anything to do with Vega's operation.
Listen. if we bring her in.
Vega will have no choice but to come back.
I'm telling you Heaven is innocent.
She don't have nothing to do
with Vega's operation.
We have a warrant for her arrest.
just enough to bring her in.
Listen. either you do it. or we will.
Okay. Reyes.
I'll do it.
It's my case.
I'll bring her in myself.
-She won't be expecting me.
-Do it now. Rodgers.
-Do it now.
-Okay. I'm going right now.
I have a squad waiting for you
when you bring her out.
I'm on my way.
I'll bring her in.
Samantha Owens.
I'm so glad you're here.
You never told me if you're not
going to play cards or not.
You are under arrest. Samantha.
You have the right to remain silent.
If you can't afford an attorney.
the court will appoint you with one.
Please. put your hands behind
your back. Samantha.
No.
Samantha. please. put
your hand behind your back.
So this was all a lie?
I must say. Rodgers.
I am so pleased with your progress.
I don't feel like
I've made any progress. doc.
The only good thing that happened to me
these last two weeks is my mother
is getting a lot better.
I still don't like my sister.
Iesha is still stalking me.
Hector got released out of jail.
some technicality.
Vega is on the run.
and Heaven never wants to see me again.
Wow. that's a lot.
That's the strange thing about progress.
when you make it.
never really seems like it.
I'm not supposed to give you
the answers.
but since this will be our last session.
I'm going to make an exception.
Life is always complicated.
This isn't some TV show where
everything's going to be wrapped up
in a tiny little bow in an hour.
Many people waste their entire lives
chasing questions with no answers.
-Take a deep breath.
-
Now. I want you to think about
what's important. really important.
and then just live.
-Live?
-Yes. Just live.
How?
I've made so many enemies. doc.
I don't want to do this anymore.
You don't want to do what?
I have strong feelings for Heaven.
Do you have feelings.
or is it the person you're pretending
to be that has the feelings?
At this point in my life.
I really don't even know.
Well. then I think figuring
that out in your mind
will be a great place
for you to focus on.
I really appreciate you. doc.
Thank you for being patient with me.
You're welcome. I saw I. Robot.
-You did it?
-I did it.
-How do you like it?
-You look nothing like Will Smith.
Thank you.
There's one thing I wanted to say
to you and I wanted to apologize about.
What is it?
You look nothing like Halle Berry.
You look way better than Halle Berry.
Give me five.
-See you around.
-See you around. doc.